Note.
The bulid directory of the project should be the directory that stores the file code
the the program can read that file for displaying point of past user.

1. Control game.

Start button for start the game. It will be disabled when currently playing and it will
be enabled when the game is over.

Pause button used for pause the game. It will have no affect when the game has not started.
This button also used for resume game.

Close button will store the score of player it the player has top 3 score and then close
the window.

2. Option for play the game.

Automatic: to drop new tetromino immediately after another.
Manually: to drop new tetromino by pressing button.

The automatic mode and manually mode can be changed when playing and the rule will
be applied when current tetromino is drop down.

3. Movement of tetromino and tetromino.

Each tetromino has 4 square that has the same color depend on the level playing and also
associated with information about the bottom index, upper most index, left most index and
right most index of all 4 square in tetromino used for checking condition in movement of
the tetromino.

A: move to left.
D: move to right.
S: move down six squares.
C: move to the lowest possible position.
W: rotate the tetromino counter - clockwise.
R: reflect the tetromino in vertical direction.
F: hold current tetromino.
T or pressing New tetromino button: Start drop new tetromino when playing in manual mode.

4. Grid game.

When a row is fulled, it will be removed and the square above will move down to the lowsest
removed line.

5. Calculate point.

The player can get points from dropping success a tetromino or get a full line.

Each tetromino drop sucess will get 100 points.

In the process of droping if the user turn tetromino more than three times, then 5 points
will be minus from 100 points above for each exceed turns, and if the points can drop to
negative then it will be set to 0.

Each line removed is counted.

If the total line removed from one drop is smaller than 4. Then the player get 1000 points
for each row remove. If the total line removed is larger or equal to 4 the player get 2000
points for each row remove also the player get 1 tetris point.


6. Level of difficulty.

There is 6 levels in the game. The playing speed is increasing when level up. For each level
there is a charactistic set of color for tetrominos.

Level 1. 0 point - 5000 points. Move down one square per 0.80 second.
Level 2. 5000 points - 10000 points. Move down one square per 0.68 second.
Level 3. 10000 points - 20000 points. Move down one square per 0.56 second.
Level 4. 20000 points - 30000 points. Move down one square per 0.44 second.
Level 5. 300000 points - 800000 points. Move down one square per 0.32 second.
Level 6. From 80000 points. Move down one square per 0.8 second.


7. Display incoming tetromino. 

Incoming tetromino is displayed on the window.


8. Display hold tetromino.

The hold tetromino is displayed on the window.


9. Points display on window.

The score, line removed and tetris point of player is displayed on the window.


10. Player name.

The player can enter their name before playing game. If no name is provided the name of
player will be set to "No name".

11. Scoreboard in window.

The information of previous high score player in stored in a file. When program starts
the file will be read and then the information will be displayed on the scoreboard.

The scoreboard track the player scores. If player socre is higher than the score
displayed on the scoreboard then the scoreboard will be updated in real time.

When program closes the information on the scoreboard will be stored to a file.


12. Time playing display in window.

The clock display playing time in hour, minute and second.

The clock starts counting when the player press Start button and only stop when the game
is over. When player pressed Pause and the game is running then the clock is continue
counting.

13. Messange box.

The player will be informed when the game started and finish or pause. Also other
information such as player name, playing level or playing mode.	